---
layout: post
category: misc
title:  "\"The Big Here and Long Now\""
date:  2022-05-05 14:08:00 -0400
modified: 2022-05-06 10:30:00 -0400
permalink: "/notes_on_the_big_here_and_long_now/"
description: "Some notes on Brian Eno's essay \"The Big Here and Long Now\""
tags: [longtermism]
type: Thoughts
status: Partial
extent: (1/6)
durability: (5*/5)
---

> I just didn't understand. Why would anyone spend so much money building a place like that in a neighbourhood like this? Later I got into conversation with the hostess. "Do you like it here?" I asked. "It's the best place I've ever lived", she replied. "But I mean, you know, is it an interesting neighbourhood?" "Oh, the neighbourhood? Well that's outside!" she laughed.

One thing that I don't regularly see come up in conversation with friends, family, etc... is the influence of a place's aesthetics on wellbeing. Being somewhere beautiful is actually very, very nice, so much so that I am willing to sacrifice many civilizational amenities to life somewhere that looks and smells cultivated, nice, etc... Nature is this way, but is too far removed from civilization in many cases to sustainably host me; (in my own life) perhaps Europe is the place to venture to satisfy this preference for elegance.

>...Everything was exciting, fast, current, and temporary. Enormous buildings came and went, careers rose and crashed in weeks. You rarely got the feeling that anyone had the time to think two years ahead, let alone ten or a hundred. Everyone seemed to be passing through. It was undeniably lively, but the downside was that it seemed selfish, irresponsible and randomly dangerous. I came to think of this as "The Short Now", and this suggested the possibility of its opposite - "The Long Now".

I agree with you here Mr. Eno. Thinking about my grandmother, who came over to the US from Germany as an adolescent several years after WWII and who will likely die soon, I think, how much longer before no one remembers her? Everyone considered, me and my siblings are her only line of being remembered, and in 100 years time I will quite certainly be dead. She will then be mostly gone. Will I do anything to have her be remembered in any humans I make? - very likely not.

What will the world be like 100 years after my death? This question is too vague to consider here, but the idea is that _there will be a world_ 100 years post-rodeo. I've thought, many times, of how the rocks I set foot on while fossil collecting will "live" on past me. Looking at Nature and realizing that everything around you that you now see, will still be there, albeit not in the exact form that you now see it, is some saddening. Picking up a rock and thinking that this piece of Earth will travel much farther than you in time is also saddening. My mental picture for this feeling: someone coming up to a cliff by the ocean and looking at it's beauty every 5 years or so; the cliffside "sees" the person age and eventually wither, until one day when there are only bones below the cliff; and eventually the cliffside's withering occurs as well, but is only "witnessed" in sum by the Earth itself.

I am passing through, and so everyone else. I still find it amazing that other people are all proceeding, continually, through a series of realizations that shift their outlooks on the world, and that these realizations occur _during their entire lifetime!_ Everyone who is the same or a similar age discovers collectively, say, what it feels like to be 60 years old. And what it feels like to be 60 years old seems so diverse, across both the landscapes of humans alive today and across the "60 year-old humanities" of the past. It's a marvel that no only _really_ knows the entire picture of what's going on across humanity. People everywhere come into being and, somewhat sadly, disappear, and the vast majority of the rest of humanity wasn't the wiser.

I am a proponent for extending human lifespans. I wonder what the first years will be like when some generation  collectively breaks past 120 years-alive. I, and almost all others I know, would like to live as long as possible. If humans could live for 200 years, would that impact how much they plan and how much they care about the future? I hope so. Should I have children, I want to teach them what humanity knows of Earth - its home - and the Universe, how humanity came to be, how civilization came to be, what civilization seem to have been, and where civilization seems to be headed. It seems cruel in some ways to leave children to learn about all of this for themselves, but everyone appears to do this. I would really have loved for someone to discuss these things with me formally when I was younger, or to at least bring attention to these topics and where I could learn more about them. I believe that if people were more privy to the temporal, moral, and developmental window of human and natural history they occupy, then they might be more inclined to adopt longtermist causes and principles.

>"Now" is never just a moment. The Long Now is the recognition that the precise moment you're in grows out of the past and is a seed for the future. The longer your sense of Now, the more past and future it includes. It's ironic that, at a time when humankind is at a peak of its technical powers, able to create huge global changes that will echo down the centuries, most of our social systems seem geared to increasingly short nows. Huge industries feel pressure to plan for the bottom line and the next shareholders meeting. Politicians feel forced to perform for the next election or opinion poll. The media attract bigger audiences by spurring instant and heated reactions to human interest stories while overlooking longer-term issues - the real human interest.

After reading this essay, I sat down to think about the next 5 years of my life. I also spent some time thinking about the next 10, as 8-12 years from now I expect that I will very likely be having children. In 5 years, my only remaining grandmother might be dead; my parents will have crossed the threshold of "being old"; and my partner will hopefully still be with me. How will the conflict in Ukraine have evolved? What will the state of AI Safety be? How will Metaculus have changed in 5 years? Who will I be talking to? Will EA have changed a lot? An entire 5 years to work, think, earn-wages, etc... I could write roughly 60 essays or reviews, at 1 month per piece, or I opt instead to create 5 works of review or research, spending a year on each. Imagine working for a whole year, almost exclusively on one project. What would such a project look like? One that comes to my mind could be finding, then ranking or red-teaming, and then broadcasting all existing policies for reducing global catastrophic, extreme, and existential risks. For me, in the long-term, would 1 year projects be more valuable than 12 projects, each lasting 1 month? Hedging my time, I would opt to spend a year doing 6 projects lasting 1 month and 1 project lasting 6 months. I suspect that most projects need not last a year. There are problems, though, that could last a lifetime, but I do not yet believe that any problem is some combination of so important and interesting to me to spend my life working on it.

Back to this above passage. I wonder how communication will have changed 5, 10, 25, 50 years from now. When is the post-smart-phone state of humanity? What comes after the Internet? Will brain emulations actually be a thing? Will I be killed by an AI? The present state of humanity seems odd, evolutionarily speaking, and not set to last long (unstable).

I think the concept of a short-now can be extended to individual lives. What are my short-nows? There's climbing the social ladder in the Effective Altruism, Forecasting, and Rationality communities; getting this website up and running; and taking minor steps towards self improvement. Minimally securing the baselines - a job to get money, good relationships with other people, sleep, exercise, a diverse and healthy diet - and then plainly enjoying your time as a human and making sure the future is great seem, to me, good ideals for Western civilization.

>If we want to contribute to some sort of tenable future, we have to reach a frame of mind where it comes to seem unacceptable - gauche, uncivilised - to act in disregard of our descendants. Such changes of social outlook are quite possible - it wasn't so long ago, for example, that we accepted slavery, an idea which most of us now find repellent. We felt no compulsion to regard slaves as fellow-humans and thus placed them outside the circle of our empathy. This changed as we began to realise, perhaps it was partly the glory of their music, that they were real people, and that it was no longer acceptable that we should cripple their lives just so that ours could be freer. It just stopped feeling right.
