---
layout: post
title:  "Dream With Alien Guidance"
date:  2021-12-19 08:30:00 -0500
permalink: "/alien_help_dream/"
tags: psychology dreams
impactfulness: "2"
certainty: "possible"
status: "complete"
---

__December 19 2021__

> The dream started off with me stealing food from this restaurant after the restaurant's manager's family had eaten dinner. I put the stolen food in celery husks and threw them at homeless people until the homeless people figured out that I was giving them food. One guy into a blue raincoat on a bike was especially appreciative. At one point, I got them rice but some woman from the restaurant pushed it on the ground, and I or someone else put her in a choke hold until she lost enough oxygen to get brain damage. In another part of the dream, I was on a little ledge between two extremely tall apartment complexes. There was some arab guy in a mechanic suit next to me with a sniper rifle and I heard in his mind that he was being commanded to kill [me]. I decided then (since he didn’t see me for some reason) to push him off the ledge and I did. I had to get in through this small window and a younger, happier version of the same guy helped me in. It turned out a mix of me, [acquaintence], and this guy became friends and after a war or something needed to kill each other. The final part involved me and my two brothers and mother on a walk. We were on these rolling white cliffs that led down to a valley. The valley had old historical houses in it and a forest. My mother kept walking straight and fell off and hit a rock jutting out and then landed onto this flat rock projection. Everyone thought she died and it would basically be a fucked job to get her if she wasn't dead. I used the reflection from my watch to shine it over her eyes and she did the same to me with her watch, which signalled to us she wasn't dead. As a joke she pretended to be tanning but mostly couldn’t move. We had been walking to the left of where I was facing but I ran right and this action convinced my brothers to follow me. It was steep going down and the cliff eventually turned into a dirt road. There were abandoned construction vehicles on it. It was now dark outside and I heard mentally that the trek down to the valley would be 6 hours. Two emergency construction site vehicles sped past me. I had a little digital map and could see [brother] as yellow and [other brother] as red. They were behind me a little and then a huge intelligent gust of wind blew them away, almost a mile away. There were thorns and brambles covering the whole road as I went downhill. Something felt off and it was too silent. I knew uranium levels were getting much higher. I went through a bramble and saw floating blue and red lights almost like deep sea creatures. There were also occasional sensations of pressure. I could now see mentally the stars and a light passing through these stars. Some alien directed me to align the stars and I did and I was suddenly able to know where [other brother] had gone. I went that way. The environment changed into this huge white-beige mansion that was built into a small cliff face in the valley (you’d still fall 1000 feet if you went out of the window) and was multiple stories tall. It was mazelike and many rooms looked the same. I can’t remember what happened before I came across [other brother]. When I found [other brother] he was babbling incoherently to himself and had a silver 1911 in his one hand and some bullets in another. He would point the pistol random places and didn’t acknowledge me. I got the pistol from him and could see that there was some maybe orange light in his eyes. He kept getting out and got better. I saw the orange glow on the floor and realized that there was some field that contained a universal guide on the zoology of the universe. It had the equations for all life and if you walked near it you could read it in your head rapidly. It wasn’t meant for human minds. I kept walking and searching and felt something was following me. At one point I saw a door slightly ajar and a massive grey wolf in it. I walked fast to another room and shut the door. I had with me a few objects that looked like colored pencils, a knife, and the pistol. The grey wolf got out through the door and attacked me. It was massive but stopped attacking me. If you were fearful of it it’d kill you but if you weren’t scared of it it’d wimper and sulk. My body in the dream was fearless but my mind was scared. I stabbed the wolf in the dream continuously and steam came off of its skin. Soon it was a human shape under the tarry wolf skin and then it turned into this alien embryo that looked like an unfolded wallet with egg sacks. It made a horrible screeching noise and leaked acid, and I shot it with the one bullet I had.
