---
layout: post
title:  "Dream With Summer Camp Art"
date:  2021-01-11 08:30:00 -0500
permalink: "/summer_camp_art_dream/"
certainty: "Quite Certain"
status: "Working Draft"
tags: [psychology, dreams]
image: /assets/images/mirror_1943.8.5297.jpg 
---

__January 11 2021__

> I had this dream which began with me being on a rectangular prism-like school bus. I was a summer camp counselor and wore a raincoat. On the bus were a bunch of children and two other counselors who I cannot remember too well. I know I talked to them and what they said interested me but I don't recall the details. We stopped and got off at this block building and inside we had to teach the kids something stupid. I don't remember. Two of the kids had not been listening but had been making art. Of the two, I only remember one's art and face. The kid had a school shooter haircut and his hair was completely white. His face looked like the Home Alone kid but more Russian. He had drawn, in exquisite detail in pencil, a minecraft stripper woman sitting with her hand running through her hair. Despite the stupidity of what was drawn, the drawing was extraordinary for this kid's age. Due to the two kids' work, we changed the lesson to art. On the way back, I was sitting upfront with besides the bus driver, and I had a bucket full of muddy water that had, somewhere in it, my wallet and paperwork. I do not know why it was filled with water and mud but I tried very hard to keep it from spilling. It was raining outside and the road the bus was about to drive down looked like the same road I've gone down when I worked at [X] summer camp. The tree branches shook violently at times so the bus would occassionally stop to avoid having a tree fall on it. There was a man on a bicycle going up the hill with the upper half of a tree on his back. There was just enough space to let him pass. That is the end of this part of the dream. In the next part of the dream, I was in Germany with exchange students (I am fairly confident I know what waking experience is tied to me dreaming about German things, Yannic). I recall first being in a deli place and there being a massive dude behind the counter. They brought in a YouTube prankster and wanted him to fight the guy because of what he said. The prankster walked out but got hit a few times. (this comes from a combination of someone writing "get pranked" on atomic, me/[friend]/[friend] watching a video of similar situation). Later, I was with a whole amalgam of guys who were all extremely civil in my mind. I was the "American" and felt as though I was the director of activity, by virtue of my spontaneity, and the humor dispenser in the group. They were also mature, wearing clean and finely tuned clothes and having a more professional attitude than me. The rotation of discourse would go from them talking about their girlfriends to them talking about where to go for the evening to them inquiring my take on certain things. We got a pizza that was extremely small and I remember everyone got two slices. I got a ham slice and remember that each slice was different and that there were many diverse toppings. After the pizza, we went downstairs in what appeared to be a hotel. The hotel I was at was scary. I didn't quite understand the unease when I was in the dream. It was the sort of building that went on for infinity, that you could close a door, open it, and you'd be somewhere else; the ulimate maze of mazes. It felt empty except for us. In the empty green room, there were a ton of pool tables. The balls on the table were not numbered and were fascinating. They had crystalline structures in them and different arrangements of near complete transparent glass to make them seem as if they were that crystalline solid. Imagine a square shape made out of diamonds and that if you hit it with the pool stick, the end of the stick would hit the "invisible" transparent glass. There were a bunch of balls like this. The pool sticks we had were half the size of normal pool sticks and had a long white cap and were made of beige wood. The guys I was with dumped these small (half palm size) chalky plates onto the table. They also dumped some paper shreds and pieces of cardboard. The goal of this odd pool game was to push the material into your goal to protect it while also trying to get balls into the opposite goals. There were four goals on the squarish pool table, one at the midpoint of each edge. I remember that the game kind of just ended quickly after the scramble to fill the goals and that was it. I can recall two of the German guys. One was very tall with black hair and wore a scarf and the other was my height and seemed to be the white haired kid from the summer camp but older. Me and him were the shortest of the bunch by a large margin. The only other event here that I can recall is that we were at some bar. It was above ground level and the room was black along the edges. There was a unelevated dance floor that was a black circle and the bars were behind me and to my right. The entrance was Northwest of me. I think I just talked to one of the German guys in there. Later in the dream, I was back in America. I lived with [brother] and his friends in this group house. It had a first floor, a basement that was like the pool room experienced earlier, and a large midlevel floor. Outside, from the windows on the huge midlevel floor, which had a fireplace/chimney in the middle of the room and had various tables and couches about, there was snow. [My brother]'s friends had kind of partied the place to disarray. I wished that it was cleaner. I had a CD in a CD case in my hand and used it as a phone to call the black haired German guy. The CD got pretty hot. One of [my brother]'s friends [(girl)] gave me bread. Later I was with [my other brother] in some place in the house trying to stack wood on these shelves. One of the stacks of wood ignited and we just kept stacking more wood on it until the fire died down. There was some Lego star wars set on a shelf (I know where this image came from too) that I picked up and inspected. Finally, the dream concludes with me and my father going fossil collecting. We were driving around this area that I have never been (other area of [a brook]) but wanted to go when the car ahead of us pulled into the woods. Thinking it was [this one fossil collector]'s car (because it was [certain color] near an area where there might be fossils), we slowed when passing it and I waved twice then gave a salute. I felt weird when I realized it was just a coincidence, and that the woman in the car who looked like [this fossil collector] was just staring at me. I then saw some pictures of [this fossil collector], who had slimmed down a bit and grown a mustache. We was under [this] road bridge with his father, who was holding a child. There were other family members there and [this fossil collector] had done a great job of digging into the gravel bars and getting a good bunch of fossils for his family.

<!-- ### Epistemics of This Page

***Status***

"Working Draft": I may add an analysis of this dream at some point, but probably won't.

***Certainty***

"Quite Certain": I recorded this dream upon waking, so there was little time for me to forget aspects of it. I don't believe I forgot much or any of the dream.     -->

https://www.nga.gov/collection/art-object-page.17498.html
